main/memory/StorageTest.java
 main.memory.StorageTest
main/circuits/ALUTest.java
 main.circuits.ALUTest
main/circuits/IAGTest.java
 main.circuits.IAGTest
main/gates/binary/NORTest.java
 main.gates.binary.NORTest
ALURFTest.java
 ALURFTest
main/circuits/ControlUnitTest.java
 main.circuits.ControlUnitTest
main/circuits/LogicUnitTest.java
 main.circuits.LogicUnitTest
main/circuits/RegisterTest.java
 main.circuits.RegisterTest
main/memory/ROMTest.java
 main.memory.ROMTest
main/circuits/memory/DLatchTest.java
 main.circuits.memory.DLatchTest
main/gates/multi/MultiNANDTest.java
 main.gates.multi.MultiNANDTest
ShiftRegisterTest.java
 ShiftRegisterTest
main/control/SplitterTest.java
 main.control.SplitterTest
main/circuits/DecoderTest.java
 main.circuits.DecoderTest
main/circuits/MultiplexerTest.java
 main.circuits.MultiplexerTest
main/gates/binary/XORTest.java
 main.gates.binary.XORTest
TFlipFlopCounterTest.java
 TFlipFlopCounterTest
main/gates/multi/MultiORTest.java
 main.gates.multi.MultiORTest
main/utils/DataConverterTest.java
 main.utils.DataConverterTest
main/circuits/memory/DFlipFlopTest.java
 main.circuits.memory.DFlipFlopTest
main/memory/RAMTest.java
 main.memory.RAMTest
main/circuits/AddSubtractTest.java
 main.circuits.AddSubtractTest
main/gates/binary/ANDTest.java
 main.gates.binary.ANDTest
ExampleCircuitsTest.java
 ExampleCircuitsTest
main/circuits/RegisterFileTest.java
 main.circuits.RegisterFileTest
main/circuits/memory/TFlipFlopTest.java
 main.circuits.memory.TFlipFlopTest
main/gates/multi/MultiANDTest.java
 main.gates.multi.MultiANDTest
main/gates/multi/MultiNORTest.java
 main.gates.multi.MultiNORTest
main/circuits/MicroprocessorTest.java
 main.circuits.MicroprocessorTest
main/gates/binary/ORTest.java
 main.gates.binary.ORTest
main/gates/TriStateTest.java
 main.gates.TriStateTest
main/circuits/CPUTest.java
 main.circuits.CPUTest
